Add sushytools scale up in dev-env (#74)
Nordix/metal3-clusterapi-docs: Support/sushytools/scale-to-2-instances.md

# Sushy-tools scale instances in Dev-env

Dev-env supports redfish BMC using sushy-tools that runs in a container building the image from [https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools](https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools). To select redfish virtual media in the dev-env `export BMC_DRIVER="redfish-virtualmedia"`.

sushy-tools is backed with libvirt, it listens to redfish requests on `localhost:8000` by default. An instance of sushy-tools shows all the libvirt domains that means multiple instances will be able to see same domains.

> eg: `curl http://localhost:8000/redfish/v1/Systems/`S

Reviewer: Extra-S at end of line

Author: fixed

> To scale up the sushy-tools instances it suffices to run multiple instaces of the container and configure a different port in the sushy-tools configfile  for each instance. BMO use the bmh spec  to grep the sushy-tools instance ip/port to use.

Author: fixed

# Scaling sushy-tools instances in Dev-env

> Dev-env supports redfish BMC using sushy-tools running in a container and building its the image from [https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools](https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools). To select redfish virtual media in the dev-env export the BMC driver environment variable `export BMC_DRIVER="redfish-virtualmedia"`.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
Dev-env supports redfish BMC using sushy-tools running in a container and building the image from [https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools](https://github.com/metal3-io/ironic-image/tree/main/resources/sushy-tools). To select redfish virtual media in the dev-env export the BMC driver environment variable `export BMC_DRIVER="redfish-virtualmedia"`.
```

> Sushy-tools is backed with libvirt, and by default it listens to redfish requests on the port `8000`. An instance of sushy-tools sees all the libvirt domains that means multiple instances will be able to see the same domains.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sushy-tools is backed by libvirt and it listens to redfish requests on the port `8000` by default. An instance of sushy-tools can see all the libvirt domains and that means multiple instances will be able to see the same domains.
```

> eg: `curl http://localhost:8000/redfish/v1/Systems/`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
e.g.: `curl http://localhost:8000/redfish/v1/Systems/`
```

Author: fixed

> To scale up the sushy-tools instances it suffices to run multiple instances of the container and configure a different port for each instance in the sushy-tools configfile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To scale up the sushy-tools instances, it suffices to run multiple instances of the container and configure a different port for each instance in the sushy-tools configfile.
```

> To scale up the sushy-tools instances, it suffices to run multiple instances of the container and configure a different port for each instance in the sushy-tools configfile.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To scale up the sushy-tools instances, it is sufficient to run multiple instances of the container and configure a different port for each instance in the sushy-tools configfile.
```

Author: fixed
